-Hey, everyone. It is time
for "Tonight Show" hashtags.
-♪ Hashtags ♪
♪♪
♪ Hashtags ♪
-Uh, we do this thing every week
where I send out a hashtag
and I ask you guys
to respond to that topic.
And since so many kids are going
doing remote learning this year,
I asked you guys to tweet out
a funny homeschooling story
and tag it with #HomeSchoolFail.
Within minutes,
it was a trending topic,
so thank you so much
for playing along.
And now I thought I'd share
some of my favorite
HomeSchoolFail responses
from you guys.
This first one is from
@kimcav21.
She says...
[ Laughter ]
This next one's
from @VicWhitPic.
She says...
[ Laughter ]
[ Chuckles ]
"What else?"
"Beer!"
"Okay."
This one's from @vee 1512.
She says...
[ Laughs ]
[ Audience awws ]
Oh, that's cool.
This one's from
@IDon'tSpeakWhine.
She says...
[ Laughter ]
Alexa, the unsung hero
of homeschooling.
This one's from @sloane04180851.
You remember that, right?
-Yeah.
-Just, yeah. Just hit me up
on Twitter, dude --
sloane04180851.
-Oh.
-She says...
[ Laughter ]
Keep you in our thoughts.
This one's from @Keeper Fairies.
She says...
-[ Laughs ]
"Oh, is it too loud?
Should we turn down the jets?"
[ Laughter ]
-That's what's up.
-[ Chuckles ]
This one's from @seamirac1979.
She says...
[ Chuckles ]
This last one's from @mcapp.
He says...
There you have it. Those are
our "Tonight Show" hashtags.
To check out
more of our favorites,
go to tonightshow.com/hashtags.